---
title: "Meeting Notes - January 5th 2021"
author: "E. Chisholm"
date: "1/5/2021"
output: html_document
---

Discussion of Maritimes environmental data access, December , 2020

B. Casault, E. Chisholm, C. Johnson, M. McMahon, C. Layton


## Agenda

* review multivaR spatial data (new names)
* review vignette workplan â€“ are we missing anything? editing?
* review task list: 
  * 2019 data load schedule (on track for end of January?) 
  * Update from Chantelle and Benoit
* final touches required for package
  * website implementation?
  * sharing with larger community? reach out to key partners?
* Moving forward
  * 2020 data load 


## Meeting Notes

* __EC will update spatial names for remote sensing data in R processing files (not in original data)__
* issue with data duplication when changing area names reveals flaw in workflow
  * solution:
  * update workflow so R processing scripts are organized by dataframe, pulling from both physical and biological data
  * __EC will work on this update with help from CL__
  * updating package will require sourcing all processing scripts (write single script source all unique files)
  * __CL will add physical data to FTP in order to streamline this process__
  * __BC will share FTP account login__
  
* vignettes have been edited and seem to cover all required info

* data upload is complete
  * minus specific issue Benoit is having with mixed layer depth and euphotic depth variables
  * EC/ BC will meet to resolve this specific issue if necessary
  * __EC will perofrm data audit to make sure all variables are properly included__
  
* website implementation
  * __EC will create github.io website (same procedure as oce package)
  * this should avoid anay issues with federal website requirements
  * link package website to AZMP website?
    * this may be a lost cause especially to attmept to edit national site
    * __CJ will bring up at AZMP meeting in March__
    * sharing github link will be easier and more directed to users
  
* presentation of package to R group upcoming
  * __EC will hand off presentation materials in case any further presentations to special groups are needed__
  * presentation January 22 will also be recorded for futre distribution
  * __MM will forward invite to relevant PED staff and reach out to Pter Kraska for relevant CESD staff list__
  
  
* CJ discussion of spatial data add ons
  * more users will make package better and suggestions will improve package over time
  * CJ will look into spatial data efforts (Gordana, Brain, Catalina, Tana) - FGSP
  * eventually may create more packages to include ancillary and spatial data which would be useful to users
  * MM suggests just handing data to Brian for upload to FGSP rather than worrying about ArcGIS skills
    * given csv data and sample figures, Brian can upload something very useful
  
* 2020 data load
  * delayed this year due to COVID etc
  * typically data would be ready for March AZMP meeting
  * general goal of data upload in April 2021
  
  
  
