---
title: "Meeting Notes - January 26th 2021"
author: "E. Chisholm"
date: "1/26/2021"
output: html_document
---

Discussion of Maritimes environmental data access, January 2021

 E. Chisholm, C. Johnson, M. McMahon, C. Layton


## Agenda
*	Discussion of questions arising from demo
    * Csasdown integration
    * Searching by region
* Chantelle’s user test results
* Data audit results
*	EC work products – where to find stuff when I am gone



## Meeting Notes
* csasdown integration
  * CJ understands issue as automation of figure creation
  * something for BC/CL to decide
  * MM: honus should be on user to embed azmpdata into csasdown documents, this would be straight forward enough
  * CL doesn't use csasdown because of markdown pitfalls in pdf
  * CL would ventually like to implement LaTex phys resdoc but not there yet
  * BC has attempted LaTex bio resdoc and it was more complicated than necessary with editing by multiple people (easier in Word - track changes)
  * Would be a big effort to migrate resdocs over
  * not something for azmpdata todo list
  
* searching by location
  * are we trying to search by region name (eg. HL2), or geographic coordinates? both?
  * Jeff J wrote a quick function to search by region name, on giuthub discussion board
  * this should be on the 'to do' list but is maybe not high priority
  * depends on CL/ BC time availability
  * good to have issues like this centalized on github so they are easy to come back to next year if funding continues
  
* CL user test
  * attempt to combine bio and phys data
  * blend between data types is messy (NA variables because of differences in metadata)
  * issue is mainly with cruise ID/ descriptors, not matched currently because bio cruise descriptor is nested in event_id
  * some issues with matching descriptors and ids from biochem - caution!
  * also noticed that there is a difference in rounding of lat and lon values
  * if we match them, carefully record must be kept to ensure that we could 'un-match' them if necessary or based on new data availability
  * keeping data in same row would simplify for user
  * matching will not be perfect, might require some improvements to metadata
  * fuzzy matching would be required
  * might be easiest to match on day/month/year/decriptor (pulled form event_id)
  * matching will be different for different tables (eg, sections vs stations)
  * would likely have to go through tables individually to ensure proper matching
  *__This is a priority issue__
  * __CL will add this to the github issue list__
  * work on this in samll pieces over the next year (CL/BC)
  
* Data Audit
  * sea ice vars are only large outstanding issue
    * __responsibility of BC__
    * CL handed data off to Peter because of calculation differences
    * important for silver hake analysis but not actually included in reporting
    * should this be included if it is not in either resdoc? could it go somehwere else?
      * simplest to keep all data in azmpdata
    
* EC work summary
  * posted in group chat

* Admin
  * CJ plans to check in periodically wihtout EC over next year
  * __CJ will follow up via email__
  * CJ has applied for funding for next year, will keep everyone posted
  * potentially backfill for EC position could contribute
  
  
  
  
  
